gh-124400: Use the normal command path for breakpoint commands (#124401)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pdb.rst

   Specifying any command resuming execution
   (currently :pdbcmd:`continue`, :pdbcmd:`step`, :pdbcmd:`next`,
   :pdbcmd:`return`, :pdbcmd:`until`, :pdbcmd:`jump`, :pdbcmd:`quit` and their abbreviations)
   terminates the command list (as if
   that command was immediately followed by end). This is because any time you
   resume execution (even with a simple next or step), you may encounter another
   breakpoint—which could have its own command list, leading to ambiguities about
   which list to execute.

>    If you have a command that resumes execution in the command list, the normal
>    frame information before you interact with pdb is not displayed.  If none of
>    the other commands print anything, you see no sign that the breakpoint was
>    reached.
> 
>    If you don't have a command that resumes execution in the command list, you
>    can also use the ``silent`` command anywhere in the command list to suppress
>    the frame information.

Reviewer: Can we make this more concise? Is this new version correct?

```suggestion
   If the command list contains the ``silent`` command, or a command that
   resumes execution, then the breakpoint message containing information about
   the frame in which you last interacted with pdb is not displayed.
```

Author: I found "in which you last interacted with pdb" is a bit confusing to me. I do think it's better to put the two cases together, but maybe just say the information about the frame is not displayed? When I say "before you interact with pdb", I wanted to make it clear about what frame information. Maybe it's not needed?

Reviewer: I'm not sure 'before you interacted with on is clear' because the commands also interact with pdb.

Author: Yeah I'm not saying my version is better. I'm thinking it might be enough for the users to just say information about the frame?

> If the command list contains the ``silent`` command, or a command that
   resumes execution, then the breakpoint message containing information about
   the frame is not displayed.

   breakpoint—which could have its own command list, leading to ambiguities about
   which list to execute.

>    If the command list contains the ``silent`` command, or a command that

Reviewer: I think this reads better:

```suggestion
   If the list of commands contains the ``silent`` command, or a command that
```
